Add Google Workspace configuration to Kubernetes example (#205)
1Password/scim-examples: kubernetes/README.md

First, you’ll need to edit the file located at `scim-examples/beta/workspace-settings.json`, and fill in the values according to those presented in our Google Workspace documentation.

```bash

> kubectl create secret generic workspace-settings --from-file=workspace-settings=/path/to/workspace-settings.json

Author: .json is not needed on the keyname in my testing.

```

Then, you will need to provide the Google Service Account key file, also generated according to our documentation. Substitute `<keyfile>` with the filename generated by Google for your Google Service Account.

```bash

> kubectl create secret generic workspace-credentials --from-file=workspace-credentials=/path/to/<keyfile>.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl create secret generic workspace-credentials --from-file=workspace-credentials.json=./workspace-credentials.json
// Replace `./workspace-credentials.json` with `[path/]filename.json` if saved elsewhere or with a different filename
```
